(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V."
The Arc Five Reactor
is almost fully energized.
I will soon reunite
the dimensions back into one.
And after all this time,
I will have
my daughter back.
(Riley)
Ray says "When Z‐ARC
resurrects,"
you will need
my help to stop him,
or the world
as you know it is doomed!
And I believe her!
So, we shouldn't
shut down the reactor,
because that's the only way
Ray can come back to help us.
If we do not act now,
the reality around us
could be erased
from existence
along with everyone
we've ever known.
If you're going to
shut down the reactor...
then I have to
shut you down!
(both)
Let's duel!
Attack Gust King
Alexander right now!
(roaring)
(Declan)
I can't believe it.
Riley's actually
fighting back!
Sonic Halberd will destroy
Stone King Darius!
Transferring
the subject Zuzu
to begin
unification procedures.
Good.
(Yuri)
Now that I've defeated
both Aster and Kite,
it's time for us to
finish what we started.
Go! Starving Venom!
Attack Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon
and finish Yugo off!
No!
(both)
Oh!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Oh!
Yugo!
Not good.
What a pleasant
duel that was.
But as much as I
enjoyed it, guess what?
I'm going to enjoy
what's about to
happen now even more.
To the victor goes
the spoils, after all.
And the spoils are
you and your powers.
Oh, shut your trap.
And wipe that smirk off
that ugly face of yours.
(grunts)
Ugly?
But you're me,
and I'm you, Yugo.
It's time now
for us to merge.
Actually, merging sounds
like we're on equal footing.
But that won't be
the case, Yugo.
Sure, you put up
a decent fight,
but you never
could beat me
or my Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon.
Oh!
And now, I'm going to
absorb your powers
until there's nothing
left of you, Yugo.
Uh‐oh!
Wha‐‐ ?!
What now?
No, stop this.
Stop this at once!
Ohh!
Stop?
But I'm just starting!
Yes, reunite... as one!
(all gasp)
Unh!
Oh!
Yugo's gone.
Ahh!
(Yuri)
He's not gone...
(amused chuckle)
He's become part of
something much greater.
And that something is me!
And with his strength,
none of you peons
can stand in my way.
But I want more!
I'm only halfway there to
achieving ultimate power!
I want Yuya's power!
By uniting as one!
Unite as one!
(laughing)
(Yusho)
No!
If we can't stop Yuri,
the world is doomed!
(Declan)
If I don't keep my guard up,
Riley may actually
win this duel!
And with my third
and final attack,
Sonic Halberd will
destroy Stone King Darius!
And I win this duel!
Sorry, Declan.
No need to be!
I just used
the Action Spell Miracle.
Ohh!
Not only did it
save my monster,
but the damage
I take is cut in half.
Oh, man.
I should've seen
that coming.
Yes, you should
have, Riley.
I always taught you to
think three steps ahead.
Huh?
Or have your forgotten all
of our training already?
Riley, I understand that
these are confusing times,
but we have
so very much in common
and don't need to fight.
However, since you're
fighting in the hopes
of reviving Ray,
then I must tell you.
I will do all that
I can to stop you.
And nothing
will change that.
Don't you see?
I won't let any harm come
to Zuzu and the others.
And I won't let father
combine the dimensions.
But if I cannot convince
you with my words,
then, Riley, I'll just
have to convince you
with my cards instead.
Maybe it's you
who needs convincing.
I end my turn.
It's my move!
I draw!
I use Double D
Savant Thomas
and this Triple D Knowledge
King Tomb Conquistador
to set the Pendulum Scale!
Prepare yourself, Riley.
I can now summon
as many monsters
between Levels Two
and Five as I want.
I Pendulum Summon!
And call upon
my monster to emerge!
Come again,
Double D Brownie!
And when Double D Brownie
is Pendulum Summoned
from my Extra Deck,
I can tribute it along
with another monster that's
already out on my field
to activate its
special ability.
So, let's go ahead
and do just that.
I tribute Brownie and
Triple D Stone King Darius.
And now Double D Brownie's
Pendulum Ability
lets me move Knowledge
King Tomb Conquistador
from the Pendulum Zone
on to my field.
Pretty big.
But wait,
Tomb Conquistador
may have
3,000 attack points,
but that's same amount
as my Sonic Halberd,
so you can't hurt me.
Not unless I activate
Conquistador's
special ability!
By sending Dark Contract
With The Eternal Darkness
to my graveyard,
I raise Conquistador's
attack points by 1,000
until the end
of the turn.
Oh, no, now it's stronger!
Yes, Riley!
Tomb Conquistador,
destroy Sonic Halberd
and end this duel!
Plasmic Pulse Pulverizer!
Aah‐‐ Unh!
Riley!
(explosion)
(Yusho groaning)
No, Yusho!
(grunting)
Huh?
Oh!
(chuckling)
Ah, here you are.
It's you.
Come now...
Where are your manners?
I do have a name,
you know.
It's Yuri.
And I'm here
to absorb you,
just like I did
your friend Yugo.
You beat Yugo?
Unh. He did.
I saw it all.
Poor Yugo!
He didn't...
stand a chance against him.
Oh!
But this ends right now!
Listen to me.
You're not taking
my son, Yuri,
because I'm going to
beat you.
And Z‐ARC will not revive.
Beat me?
How ridiculous.
How can you beat me
when you can't even stand?
Why don't you... beat it?
Ahh! Unh!
You monster!
Dad! Oh, no!
Oh, boo‐hoo.
I'm down but not out!
You hear me?!
You want some, too?
Yaah!
Ahh! Unh!
Declan, no!
I'm okay.
It certainly looks like
you're all mine now, Yuya.
(Yusho)
I don't think so.
And your little
power blast...
isn't enough
to change that.
Aw, isn't that sweet?
A father sticking up
for his dear, dear son.
It's just too bad for Yuya,
though, that dear old dad
doesn't have what
it takes to save him
from becoming one with me.
Unite as one!
Naah!
No, I won't!
I won't do it!
Come on, Pops.
Let me be nice and put
your son out of his misery.
It's what's best
for him, you know.
I beg to differ, Yuri.
You see, the best thing
for Yuya right now
is to teach you
a lesson.
Seriously?
You've caused
enough suffering
for ten lifetimes.
Maybe if Leo gave you
a couple hours
of detention every day,
you wouldn't be such
a terrible person!
Detention, you say?
But that was
my favorite class!
This is no joke, Yuri.
You will no longer
hurt anyone.
Because you're going
to stop me, right?
Fine, I'd be more
than happy
to add a brand spanking
new card to my collection.
And you know what?
I'll file you away
with my other rare cards,
because it's rare
that someone would be
so stupid
as to challenge me.
(both gasp)
Now then, get ready, Yusho,
to become two dimensional!
What's taking so long?
If Yuri absorbs Yuya,
Z‐ARC will resurrect
at any moment!
We cannot let that happen,
is that understood?
Yes, sir, it is!
But, Professor,
we need more power
before we can transfer
Lulu into the reactor!
I don't care!
Transfer Lulu now!
Time is ticking!
Just do it already.
Sir!
Ahh! Must resist!
Stay strong, Yuya,
don't you give in.
Please, Yuya,
please hold on.
If only Ray was here.
Yuri, I will never
let you have my son.
Not in this dimension
or any dimension.
Oh, such
a good father you are,
even though it's gonna
end so badly for you.
I guess that's one
opinion, just not mine.
As calm as you appear to be,
I know you're scared.
And do you know why that is?
Because if I had to face me,
I'd... be scared, too.
In fact, I bet all my hairs
would be going white
from all the fear
I was feeling.
That's why I wear
the top hat.
Keep joking.
I'll enjoy wiping
that smile off your face.
(both)
Let's duel!
I'll go first!
And to start, I'll summon
Predaplant Cephalotusnail
from my hand!
And then I'll place
two cards facedown
and end my turn.
Aah!
Can the peanut gallery
keep it quiet?
I'm trying to focus.
(chuckling)
So that's it?
Huh?
A monster with 1300 attack
points and two facedowns
for your first move?
I mean, it's good,
but it's not spectacular.
And why would anyone settle
for anything
less than spectacular?
It was spectacular!
You just don't
realize it yet.
You're up.
Yes, I am.
And it's a good thing,
'cause someone
needs to provide this match
with some razzle dazzle.
So, here I go!
First, since there are
no monsters on my field,
but there is a monster
on your field,
I can summon
Performapal Revue Dancer
to take her playful
place on stage.
(giggles)
This gal danced her way
into my heart
the moment I found out
she counts as two
monsters instead of one
when I Tribute Summon.
So I'm using her to summon
the mystical and magical
Performapal Sky Magician!
That monster!
Ah!
It's Yusho's ace.
Hm, a Magician.
You do know
a couple of card tricks
won't win you this duel.
We'll see about that!
Are you serious?
Huh?
Yes.
But I'm going to make this
duel as grand as I can.
So get set to
see a spectacle
the likes of which
you've never seen!
So get ready,
it's showtime!
Do it, Dad!
What's his plan?
All righty, then.
Now, bring it.
Start the show.
Righty‐O!
First, I activate the spell
Magician's Right Hand
from my right hand!
And since Performapal
Sky Magician
is presently
on my field,
once during my turn
I can target a single spell
card that you have out.
And then destroy it!
That's a lot of razzle
for no dazzle.
Well, Yuri,
I beg to differ.
Because I believe
your spell card
is much more valuable
then you let on.
In fact, I believe
it's your key
to winning this duel.
The key to
winning this duel.
Oh!
Huh?
That's quite
the proclamation.
But you do realize I have
two cards out, right?
So, you don't know
which one
is my ace in the hole
now, do you?
Ahh... that does seem
to be a problem.
And your
Magician's Right Hand
only destroys
a spell card, correct?
What if both of my facedown
cards happen to be traps?
They most certainly
could be,
and if I turn out
to be wrong,
I'll lose this duel
and be at your mercy.
Hmpf, you sure
are a character.
My duel with Yugo
was fun, but this?
This is next level stuff.
Next, next level.
Sure puts a smile
on my face.
But if I lose,
I might not be smiling.
Go ahead and pick, old man,
but be sure to choose
which card wisely.
In due time, my boy,
but first I activate
Sky Magician's
special ability.
So now he gains
300 attack points!
Next, Sky Magician will
attack Cephalotusnail
and show our audience
he's not all
he's cracked up to be.
(all gasp)
Hm, I don't think so.
Go Dark Seed Planter!
It transforms
your Sky Magician
from Wind
to Dark Attribute.
And when your monster attacks
my own Dark Attribute monster,
I'm sorry to say
that battle is negated.
Oh!
I know, Riley,
total game changer.
Yuri's in total
control of this duel.
My dad has to act
now or he's gonna lose.
Yuri's in total control
of this duel.
My dad has to act now
or he's gonna lose.
Now, now,
no need to worry.
Don't lose faith
in your old man, my boy.
Now, because you
activated a spell card,
I can return
a spell card
on my field
back to my hand.
And then activate
a different spell card
from my hand.
So with a shake
of the wrist
and quick
sleight of hand,
my Magician's
Right Hand switches
with my Magician's
Left Hand!
And now, with a snap
of its fingers,
your trap is negated
and then destroyed!
It worked!
It did.
Ha!
And look, it seems
Yusho's show
is having a positive
effect on Yuya.
Huh?
Bravo, Dad!
And by activating
this spell,
Sky Magician gains
300 attack points!
And that's
no trick, Yuri.
Sky Magician,
attack Cephalotusnail!
If Yusho's attack connects...
Yuri'll take 1,800
points of damage.
I'm afraid this is
nothing I can't handle.
My monster's special
ability activates
so it can't be
destroyed in battle!
And the damage I take
is cut in half!
Unh! Ohh.
So... I guess this means
that you've failed.
I failed?
How so?
(all gasp)
Your strategy was to use
your Magician's Right Hand
to destroy my spell card,
my key card as you said.
But in order to
protect your monster,
you had to replace it with
a different spell card,
you Magician's Left Hand,
thus rendering your entire
strategy a useless waste
of time and energy.
Quite the contrary,
young fellow.
My intention all along was
to use Magician's Left Hand
so that I could
destroy your trap card.
It was essential
to my plan.
Huh?
Because for my trick
to work against you,
I required one thing.
I needed you to have one
facedown on your field
instead of the two
you originally had.
So, then like everything you
did, all the moves you made,
were just to get me
to use up my trap card?
Correct, so now you only
have one card left.
You can say it wasn't
a sleight of hand,
but a sleight of mind.
(groans)
And all it leads to this.
I activate the spell card
Clairvoyance!
I shall now
attempt to guess
whether your single
remaining facedown card
is a spell or a trap.
If I'm correct, that card
returns to your deck,
and I'm allowed to draw two
brand‐new cards from my deck.
Say what?!
You did
all these maneuvers
to end up with
a 50/50 guessing game?
It's not 50/50.
In fact, I'll even guess
the name of the card.
So let me
get this straight.
You're going to
guess the exact card
that my facedown is
without looking?
Yes, I am.
Then go ahead!
It will be your end!
Why, thank you!
Because this'll
be a showstopper!
(all gasp)
Now a magician doesn't
usually reveal his tricks,
but since this is
a duel for the ages,
I figure why not share
why I know
what card you have.
I paid close attention
to the things you said.
They may have just been
passing comments to you,
but to me they told
quite the story.
And none was more telling
than what you said
at the very end of your
first turn of the duel.
It was spectacular!
You just don't
realize it yet.
You're up.
With those words,
it was clear to me
that you were planning
to win the duel with one
of the two facedown cards.
So, I put this theory
to the test.
By saying that I would
activate my spell
Magician's Right Hand
to destroy your key card.
But you didn't seem
concerned at all.
As if you knew
that my spell
can't destroy
your key card.
Providing me with a crucial
piece of information.
The clues were there.
I just had to
piece them together.
When you played
Dark Seed Planter,
I switched
Magician's Right Hand
with Magician's
Left Hand.
This enabled me
to destroy your
Dark Seed Planter.
That card could've changed
my Sky Magician
into a Dark monster,
revealing even more
about your strategy.
Why would need my monster
to be a Dark Attribute?
Why, because Yuri,
you were setting the stage
for something big,
a grand Fusion Summoning.
And how exactly were you
going to achieve this?
By using my monster,
Sky Magician!
Grr!
So, what card can
merge these monsters
and isn't affected by
Magician's Right Hand?
Ha! Why, there's only one!
Your key card is...
Super Polymerization!
Grr!
My, my... I'm right.
(both chuckle)
Yeah, Dad!
(Yusho)
It's time for
my grand finale!